## robot_grader

__INTRODUCTION__

This repo contains a shell script designed to grade students' submissions for an assignment on linked lists. The script compiles the submitted C file, runs the resulting binary, and generates a score based on the provided rubric. Please note that the script assumes you have the necessary linked list code.

__GETTING STARTED__

* Clone this repository to get the robot_grader.sh script.
* In the terminal, navigate to the script's directory.
* Run the script using the command:
```
./robot_grader.sh <student_submission.c>
```
* The script will compile the student's submission, run the resulting binary, and generate a score based on the provided rubric.

The script accepts a single argument, which is the path to the student's .c file. If the user provides 0 or more than 1 arguments, a usage message will be displayed, and the script will exit with a non-zero error code.

- The output includes information such as whether the code compiled without errors, the results of running automated tests, and any detected memory leaks.
- Temporary Directory: The script creates a temporary directory and copies the student's submitted code into that directory. Any files created or needed, such as the executable generated by gcc, reside in this temporary directory. The script does not modify or create any files outside of this directory.

  
 __KEYWORDS__

<mark>ISSE</mark>     <mark>CMU</mark>     <mark>Assignment6</mark>     <mark>robot_grader</mark>     <mark>Shell</mark>     <mark>Bash</mark>

  __AUTHOR__

 Written by parmenin (Niyomwungeri Parmenide ISHIMWE) at CMU-Africa - MSIT

 __DATE__

 September 08, 2023
